log loglist
unlogall
assignall gps auto
assignall sbas idle
assignall glonass idle
assignall galileo idle
assignall qzss idle
assignall beidou auto
assignall navic idle
tracksignal qzssl2c disable
tracksignal qzssl5 disable
tracksignal qzssl1c disable
tracksignal qzssl6 disable
tracksignal sbasl5 disable
tracksignal glol2p disable
tracksignal glol2c enable
tracksignal glol3 disable
tracksignal gpsl2p enable
tracksignal gpsl2c disable
tracksignal gpsl5 disable
tracksignal gpsl1c enable
tracksignal gale5a disable
tracksignal gale5b disable
tracksignal galaltboc disable
tracksignal gale6 disable
tracksignal beidoub1c enable
tracksignal beidoub2 disable
tracksignal beidoub3 enable
tracksignal beidoub2b enable
tracksv beidou 1 never
tracksv beidou 2 never
tracksv beidou 3 never
tracksv beidou 4 never
tracksv beidou 5 never
tracksv beidou 6 never
tracksv beidou 7 never
tracksv beidou 8 never
tracksv beidou 9 never
tracksv beidou 10 never
tracksv beidou 11 never
tracksv beidou 12 never
tracksv beidou 13 never
tracksv beidou 14 never
tracksv beidou 16 never
tracksv beidou 17 never
tracksv beidou 18 never
MOVINGBASESTATION ENABLE
log rtcm1074b ontime 5
log rtcm1124b ontime 5
log gpsephemb ontime  5
log bdsbcnav1ephemerisb ontime 5
log bdsbcnav3rawmessageb onnew
saveconfig