log loglist
unlogall
assignall gps idle
assignall sbas idle
assignall glonass idle
assignall galileo auto
assignall qzss idle
assignall beidou idle
assignall navic idle
tracksignal qzssl2c disable
tracksignal qzssl5 disable
tracksignal qzssl1c disable
tracksignal qzssl6 disable
tracksignal sbasl5 disable
tracksignal glol2p disable
tracksignal glol2c disable
tracksignal glol3 disable
tracksignal gpsl2p disable
tracksignal gpsl2c disable
tracksignal gpsl5 disable
tracksignal gpsl1c disable
tracksignal gale5a disable
tracksignal gale5b disable
tracksignal galaltboc disable
tracksignal gale6 enable
tracksignal beidoub1c disable
tracksignal beidoub2 disable
tracksignal beidoub3 disable
tracksignal beidoub2b disable
tracksv beidou 1 never
tracksv beidou 2 never
tracksv beidou 3 never
tracksv beidou 4 never
tracksv beidou 5 never
tracksv beidou 6 never
tracksv beidou 7 never
tracksv beidou 8 never
tracksv beidou 9 never
tracksv beidou 10 never
tracksv beidou 11 never
tracksv beidou 12 never
tracksv beidou 13 never
tracksv beidou 14 never
tracksv beidou 16 never
tracksv beidou 17 never
tracksv beidou 18 never
log galcnavrawpage onnew
saveconfig